foreign I need to put asleep so I'm and
if we're here for a panel and a Film
Festival and I'm here with hi and she's
making me film or jump up and down C bar
party so I thought rather than the
traditional way of you know shooting my
my videos that I would do a comments /
vlog videos to introduce my vlog channel
secret life of Lauren where basically
you follow me I do shoots like all the
time I'm constantly on sets it's so so
awesome so once you go to my vlog
channel and I was just checking my
friend Anna Julia hi Chyna hi you guys
do you guys know how late it is it's
like it's like 234 and some people have
to be on the panel at like 9 o'clock not
naming any names so yeah so so me and
Tanya are on the panel of this festival
and Tanya wants to go to bed early early
it's 2:30
how's that early all right we're making
a YouTube video right now and I'm so
excited I went on Facebook and I asked
people on my fan page questions what you
want to ask me and Tanya your sleepover
and I also tweeted it yeah okay shit I'm
gonna read the questions okay a question
anyway right let's see let's see if we
can both get into the fan I don't know
is that good I hope I hope this is
working right now guys I'm sorry if it's
not okay so first question is from Boz
Kahuna he says who wins your pillow
fights we haven't had one yet but we're
gonna have one right right after this
and we'll let you know yeah yeah yeah
I'm betting on me yeah I don't know I'm
not much of a fighter I'm a lover yeah
yeah but we are from the Burroughs so
this is gonna go write this play rough
both in verse Queens should I have to
represent I'm gonna put razor blades in
mine it's gonna be awesome
it's
next question from at Murphy Calvin I
love him he writes me comments all the
time he's one of my good good friends
will you marry me hmm also if I had a
video idea for you would you consider it
it's a good one what's your question
yeah so the marry thing I have to really
know a person like date them for a good
you know I'm out I'm out of time like
what's a good amount of time like three
three years three years three years
maybe more four five six that's a long
time you probably know by like year one
year one okay I find year one date the
guy he's you know over 18 which is big
hard to find it's hard to find yeah and
yeah and he's nice to me and he makes me
laugh that's the most important thing is
for him to make me laugh all right
Lauren will you marry me well you're not
a guy but you're really hot and it
hasn't been a year so it has it hasn't
been a year we have to wait we have to
wake up here yet next VidCon next
exactly that's really mad time love your
kind all right so yeah if you had a
video idea I totally totally would
consider it because you're super cool
and if it's a good video and it's super
funny or just a really awesome idea let
me know email me I want my lauren at
gmail.com and i will get on it what do
you what do you think yeah totally yeah
so if there's a video I'm actually you
stop listening about 30 seconds ago
you're so rude oh my god but I'm honest
- you're honest okay fine if I say if
there's a video idea Jahna the fans
writes to us yeah will you listen to it
of course vibration of course even
though I had to force her to shoot this
video tonight because we only have like
5 hours of sleep to go and I've been up
since 7:00 driving we drove from yeah
for Carla so what else one lap I only
only see one more question
oh I have let me see what is my fin what
is my Thursday
let's see reload it says it's it's it's
uh do you want to do pho shit yep
there's one more question for Tanya
oh it says want to shoot a project
together I don't know yeah give me more
information uh-huh Diego ant noonas yeah
yeah
give us more information and totally
totally shoot project so yeah so this is
the hotel it's really awesome
if you guys didn't know so this is Tonya
side of the room it's you know it's kind
of neat a little bit it's not on the
floor this is my size room and it's kind
of a mess what did you what did you say
talk I know I've never traveled with
anyone messier than me it's really
exciting yeah so so this is my stuff and
the in the hotel very cool stuff are
Tonya's food courtesy of Tonya and
flyers and then I went to vending my
food guys I want it I want my good sock
in your hair no it's it's it's a lady
Gaga hair see oh no it's a lady got up
reading star thing what do you think
it's a totally fun it's totally aside
it's it's it's my style it's my style
it's not a sign but it looks like one
second all right guys we're here for the
awesome film festival film Bazaar they
were really need to get some sleep for
ya a digital film festival I will put
the link at the bottom of the video
check it out check me out check out
Tonya hiya Tonya all right guys